When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.
The difference between the almost rigt word and the right word is really a large matter. ’tis the difference between the lightning bug and the lightning.
You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do.
There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life. " Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.
All human wisdom is contained in these two words - Wait and Hope
We seldom realize, for example that our most private thoughts and emotions are not actually our own. For we think in terms of languages and images which we did not invent, but which were given to us by our society.
Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.
All human wisdom is contained in these two words--"Wait and Hope.
1. Be Impeccable With Your Word Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. 2. Don't Take Anything Personally Nothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a projection of their own reality, their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering. 3. Don't Make Assumptions Find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life. 4. Always Do Your Best Your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
My feelings are too loud for words and too shy for the world.
A man without words is a man without thought.
I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.
Words do not express thoughts very well. they always become a little different immediately they are expressed, a little distorted, a little foolish. And yet it also pleases me and seems right that what is of value and wisdom to one man seems nonsense to another.
A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong, which is but saying in other words that he is wiser today than he was yesterday.
That's not a bad word...hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't.

I will not deny but that the best apology against false accusers is silence and sufferance, and honest deeds set against dishonest words.

It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.